Fixed #34262 -- Added support for AnyValue for MySQL, Oracle, and Postgresql 16+. (#19196)
django/django: docs/ref/models/querysets.txt

    Usage example:

    .. code-block:: pycon

        >>> # Get average rating for each year along with a sample headline
        >>> # from that year.
        >>> from django.db.models import AnyValue, Avg, F, Q
        >>> sample_headline = AnyValue("headline")
        >>> Entry.objects.annotate(
        ...     pub_year=F("pub_date__year"),
        ... ).values("pub_year").annotate(
        ...     avg_rating=Avg("rating"),
        ...     sample_headline=sample_headline,
        ... )

        >>> # Get a sample headline from each year with rating greater than 4.5.
        >>> sample_headline = AnyValue(
        ...     "headline",
        ...     filter=Q(rating__gt=4.5),
        ... )
        >>> Entry.objects.annotate(
        ...     pub_year=F("pub_date__year"),
        ... ).values("pub_year").annotate(
        ...     avg_rating=Avg("rating"),
        ...     sample_headline=sample_headline,
        ... )

    .. note::

        Supported by MySQL, Oracle, and PostgreSQL 16+.

        If you're using MySQL and ``sql_mode`` option contains ``ONLY_FULL_GROUP_BY``,
        it may be necessary to use ``AnyValue`` if an aggregation includes a

>         mix of aggregated and non-aggregated functions.

Reviewer: Would it be helpful to link people to the relevant DB documentation here? It looks like we do link to db provider documentation, but I'm not sure how prevalent the practice is.

Reviewer 2: I agree, it might be useful to link to either of

- https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.4/en/group-by-handling.html
- https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.4/en/miscellaneous-functions.html#function_any-value

Author: Thanks for the suggestions. I've updated the wording and linked to the group by handling documentation.

Keyword arguments that can provide extra context for the SQL generated
by the aggregate.

``AnyValue``
~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. class:: AnyValue(expression, output_field=None, filter=None, default=None, **extra)

    Returns an arbitrary value from the non-null input values.

    * Default alias: ``<field>__anyvalue``
    * Return type: same as input field, or ``output_field`` if supplied. If the
      queryset or grouping is empty, ``default`` is returned.

    Usage example:

    .. code-block:: pycon

        >>> # Get average rating for each year along with a sample headline
        >>> # from that year.
        >>> from django.db.models import AnyValue, Avg, F, Q
        >>> sample_headline = AnyValue("headline")

>         >>> Entry.objects.annotate(
>         ...     pub_year=F("pub_date__year"),
>         ... ).values("pub_year").annotate(

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        >>> Entry.objects.values(
        ...     pub_year=F("pub_date__year"),
        ... ).annotate(
```

        ...     avg_rating=Avg("rating"),
        ...     sample_headline=sample_headline,
        ... )

        >>> # Get a sample headline from each year with rating greater than 4.5.
        >>> sample_headline = AnyValue(
        ...     "headline",
        ...     filter=Q(rating__gt=4.5),
        ... )

>         >>> Entry.objects.annotate(
>         ...     pub_year=F("pub_date__year"),
>         ... ).values("pub_year").annotate(

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        >>> Entry.objects.values(
        ...     pub_year=F("pub_date__year"),
        ... ).annotate(
```

        ...     avg_rating=Avg("rating"),
        ...     sample_headline=sample_headline,
        ... )

    .. note::

>         Supported by MySQL, Oracle, and PostgreSQL 16+.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        Supported on SQLite, MySQL, Oracle, and PostgreSQL 16+.
```

>         If you're using MySQL and ``sql_mode`` option contains ``ONLY_FULL_GROUP_BY``,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        When the ``ONLY_FULL_GROUP_BY`` SQL mode is enabled on MySQL
```

    * Default alias: ``<field>__anyvalue``
    * Return type: same as input field, or ``output_field`` if supplied. If the
      queryset or grouping is empty, ``default`` is returned.

    Usage example:

    .. code-block:: pycon

        >>> # Get average rating for each year along with a sample headline
        >>> # from that year.
        >>> from django.db.models import AnyValue, Avg, F, Q
        >>> sample_headline = AnyValue("headline")
        >>> Entry.objects.values(
        ...     pub_year=F("pub_date__year"),
        ... ).annotate(
        ...     avg_rating=Avg("rating"),
        ...     sample_headline=sample_headline,
        ... )

        >>> # Get a sample headline from each year with rating greater than 4.5.
        >>> sample_headline = AnyValue(
        ...     "headline",
        ...     filter=Q(rating__gt=4.5),
        ... )
        >>> Entry.objects.values(
        ...     pub_year=F("pub_date__year"),
        ... ).annotate(
        ...     avg_rating=Avg("rating"),
        ...     sample_headline=sample_headline,
        ... )

    Supported on SQLite, MySQL, Oracle, and PostgreSQL 16+.

>     .. admonition:: MySQL with ``ONLY_FULL_GROUP_BY`` enabled

Author: Replaced note with admonition and a title.

        When the ``ONLY_FULL_GROUP_BY`` SQL mode is enabled on MySQL it may be
        necessary to use ``AnyValue`` if an aggregation includes a mix of
        aggregate and non-aggregate functions. Using ``AnyValue`` allows the
        non-aggregate function to be referenced in the select list when
        database cannot determine that it is functionally dependent on the
        columns in the `group by`_ clause. See :ref:`Aggregating with MySQL

>         ONLY_FULL_GROUP_BY enabled <aggregation-mysql-only-full-group-by>`.

Author: The admonition links back to the aggregation docs.

>         columns in the `group by`_ clause. See :ref:`Aggregating with MySQL
>         ONLY_FULL_GROUP_BY enabled <aggregation-mysql-only-full-group-by>`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        columns in the `group by`_ clause. See the :ref:`aggregation
        documentation <aggregation-mysql-only-full-group-by>` for more details.
```
Possibly
